Set Up
------
1. Install required packages by running the below command from root project directory:
pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Populate account credentials in credentials.py with valid email and password

Running tests
-----------------------
To run all tests from console, run the below command from the root project directory:
pytest -v --html=report.html

To run any specific test, run the below command from the root project directory:
pytest test_save_update_search.py::<text_name> -v --html=report.html
for example:
pytest test_save_update_search.py::test_default_search_and_save -v --html=report.html

Test run will generate report.html file in the root project directory with detailed report for all executed tests.


HTML Test Reports
-----------------
I am also providing test report generated from my test run in a separate directory:
- ./html_reports


Some other test cases for Save Search functionality:
-----------------------------------------------
1. Validate all default filter values are displayed correctly on a Save Search screen
2. Validate clearing all search filters
3. Validate user can change any search filter selection/range
4. Validate non-default filter values are displayed correctly on a Save Search screen
5. Validate user cannot save search without specifying search name
6. Validate user cannot save search using name that already exists in saved searches
7. Validate user can successfully select custom date range for search
8. Validate user cannot select date range exceeding allowed range noted in the specs
9. Validate date range for the search is displayed correctly on a Save Search screen
10. Validate `No End Date` flag on a Save Search screen works correctly
11. Validate `Email notification` flag on a Save Search screen works correctly
12. Validate creating search folder works correctly
13. Validate Save Search screen has all expected elements present, including wording and spelling in text elements
14. Validate `Save as new search` option when updating existing search works as expected
15. Validate map view on Save Search screen displays correct area
16. Validate allowed length of search name input on Save Search screen corresponds to the allowed length noted in the specs
17. Validate user can close Save Search screen without saving the search and get back to explorer screen
18. If there is a limit to number of allowed saved searches, validate user cannot save more searches than allowed
19. Validate all of the above works in different browsers